Update Blazor Get Started VSC guidance (#17703)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/get-started.md

1. The IDE requests that you add assets to build and debug the project. Select **Yes**.

1. With Blazor Server, run the app using the Visual Studio Code debugger.

>    With Blazor WebAssembly, start the app and then start the browser using the correct launch configuration. For more information, see <xref:blazor/debug#visual-studio-code>.

Reviewer: I think we should go ahead and explicitly state which launch configs to use by name here.

```suggestion
   With Blazor WebAssembly, start the app using the **.NET Core Launch (Blazor Standalone)** launch configuration and then start the browser using the ** .NET Core Debug Blazor Web Assembly in Chrome** launch configuration (requires Chrome). For more information, see <xref:blazor/debug#visual-studio-code>.
```
